DAY 1:
Introduction to WEB DEVLOPMENT

WEB - system
      doc  res :- acces by using internet 
      web is a system that contain document and resources which is access by using internet
      Internet is a big entity in that wed is a samll part 

DEVELOPMENT - Process
              website - static contant [eg wikipidea,blogs]
                      - read-only 
              wed application - dynamic in nature [it means after every reload containt will change]
              It is a process in which website and web application are created

WEB application - three parts
                  Front End / UI -> HTML,CSS,JS+REACT
                  Back End -> Brain of web application 
                  Database layer -> no SQL, SQL 

MERN STACK DEVELOPER 
M - Mongo DB 
E - Express js 
R - React 
N - Node js 

DAY 2:
1.Network
2.Internet
3.World wide web
4.IP Address
5.Browser
6.Browser Engine
7.Client and Server
Note :- write a daily life example to explain this topic.

                                            
1. NETWORK 
   wire/wireless
   pc------> printer ------> xyz --------> mobile = connecting different divices is called network 
   Network is a system of connecting different divices such as laptop,printer,mobile,ect.
   ex:- my laptop is connecting to my mobile wi-fi this is networking.

2. LAN (local area network)
   it work on small scale
   let say there is a bulding in that one router is there which is connecting to mobile phone,laptop and tablet 
   so the router is working as LAN
   ex:- In my house my mobile phone is connected to my laptop, others phone so it work as LAN   

3.MAN(metropolitan area network)
  It work grater than LAN , it connect city,state 
  ex:-let say there is three city which is connecting through MAN Nagpur,Amaravati,Buldhana 

4.WAN(Wide arae network)
  it work on large scale such as connecting countries
  ex:- India,South Korea and Nepal is connecting through WAN

5.INTERNET 
  It is global system which connect billions of divices 
  it is network of network 
  it consist of LAN,WAN,MAN,laptop,pc,printer,everything....

6.WWW(World Wide Web)
  it interconnect divices and resources which is access through internet

7. IP Address
   it is address of divices

8. Browser
   it is a tool which is uesd to access different divices such as document,resources,website,web application ect
   ex:- google chrome,opera,safari ect

9. Browser Engine
   it is used to run web application

10. CLIENT and SERVER 
    Client is puting request to server and then server send response to client 
    client - laptop,Browser,app
    server - database server,file server, app server, web server
    request - get,post,put,delete

summary
network - interconnect divices
internet - sare network ka king
web - Internet ka small baby
Browser - softwear tool to access different things
Browser Engine - backbone of Browser
Client Server - user interaction(Client) and request fulfillment(Server)
IP Address - machine address                   

